This folder contains demo 2 code we will use for the final demo, as well as some test code for the actual final demo project.

Folder contents:
  FinalDemo2: Folder containing updated code for demo 2 used for final
  FinalDemoArduino: This houses our arduino code that runs the controls and localization of our robot throught the whole demo
  ReadMe: This

Method:
  Arduino: Move according to the states given by Pi calculations
  Pi: Phase machine determining marker position (angle and distance)
  This demo contains a method for the robot to search for a marker, approach the marker, and make a circle around the marker.

Files in the FinalDemo2 Folder:
  Demo2Arduino: File containing Arduino code
  Demo2PI: Raspberry pi code
  statemachine: State Machine Diagram

Task Distribution
  Trevor Wolf: Harware Design, localization
  Daxton Garner: Control
  Bailey Oteri: Communications with arduino
  Jordie Weber: Computer vision and state machine

Pi:
  The Code uses a state machine to communicate to the Arduino what movements to make next. The machine starts in state
  0.5, where the Arduino will move the robot around to an angle where the marker can be seen. Once the marker is detected
  by the pi, the state is changed to state 1 and the Arduino continues moving in the same way. Once the marker is in the
  center of the screen, the state is changed to 3 and the robot will move forward until it is within 1 foot of the marker.
  At this point, control is then in the hands of the Arduino to either stop or circle around the marker. Throughout this
  process, the arduino and pi are sending number codes to ensure correct states and movement between states.

Arduino:
  This code has a state machine that has 7 different states. The code starts by using I2C to listen to what state the PI 
  is wanting the robot to be in. State 1 has the wheel turn opposite of eachother to make McSEED rotate CCW so the camera 
  can find and detect the marker. One the marker is striaght in front of the robot we switch to state 2 which cause the 
  wheel is move straight forward, whener the robot gets off course the PI will either send a state 6 to vear left or 7 for 
  right. Once it gets within a foot of the marker the Pi sends it a state 3 which has the arduino tell the PI what state it
  wants to be in by setting "TalktoPi = 1." This then allows the state to be turned to 4 and has the arduino use our PI 
  controler to turn 90 degrees CW. Once compelted we make "TalktoPi = 2," allowing the state to become 5. The fifth state 
  has it opperate a perfect 1.2 radius circle around the marker. All the control here is predetermined speeds and encouder 
  counts to make it stop at the right time.
